hello everyone my major Serena here
welcome to in a second bonus episode of
final fantasy 10 because while I was
getting my style back to so new facts
where I needed to be this is the SS
bueno by the way not the SS lucky like I
had originally said back in episode 21
the actual episode 21 um because i think
it was 21 I was just looking over my
let's play file to make sure that I
didn't show the scene already and I
didn't this is obviously the same boat
that you get the check shot on the one
that's on the way to the taluka you know
obviously the one where yeah you know
where I'm talking about just after the
Killik Essenes and all that you know we
yeah where you get this scene here relax
he's bound to know someone in Lucca and
if not he could always join a blitz team
anyhow it's better than just leaving him
and be safe what just leaving him in
Lucca what do you want me to do you know
wants to make him a guardian well yeah
geez there's that too way and whose
fault is that not mine
it is mine huh all right well anyway
yeah that that I just wanted to show
that show you exactly where I was at
also there's this guy right here i have
found the sort of runs away from you I
think yeah this is the same binocular
connecting an identity cousins there I
shut up food you should it's hard to say
I did not want to go up those stairs got
a disciple on already share with this
thing and I did not need to get it again
molds best for you guys to shush yo
here's the binoculars guy he kind of
like runs from you if you try to talk to
him again and then there's this say you
believe your Zanarkand exists I really
do you know it except oh ok I wasn't
supposed to talk to walk up first so
let's just soft reset reload from that
same file
as you can see here I'm just before
Lucas oh I'm almost back to where my
file originally was anyway let's reload
this file now if you go to the back of
the boat there where you know standing
before you go up the steps and get the
scene with waka and Lulu you can find
another little bone a little bonus scene
which I thought was quite humorous
here's the dude that runs away from you
run away rawr rawr give me your
binoculars dryer okay now this is the
st. y'all talking about who are you
supposed to be ah I remember him guy
from kill occur huh you know one of the
beasts a door ox said something about
winning the Cup oh right you're that
idiot don't call him that but he is an
idiot they don't got what it takes to
win the Cup well they do now that I'm
here yes they will win he used to be the
star player of the zener contain Lord
Pierre as if anyone lived in those ruins
it's not ruins there's a big city there
there is haha
I got too close to sin and there is a
city really oh right I never knew your
ladyship says I never knew about the
scene before and I found it completely
by accident when I was just running
around the ship randomly when I was just
messing around was getting a file back I
thought it was quite hilarious and then
there's this bonusing again if you talk
to her titas will say something quite
funny what's wrong you seemed kind of
mad back there they were being rude and
I do believe you're Zanarkand exists I
really do you know how come
Sir Jack used to always tell me stories
it'd be great to see your home someday
I'd love to go there hail Lord oh so you
nuh want to come over to my place bingo
right sure as if I had a place to show
her now it's funny about getting back
seen his energy yeah what's funny about
getting that scene is now people will
actually talk to you differently they
say the kind of blitz are from Zanarkand
on their team oh come on you actually
believe that they'll start teasing you
about the holes an irken thing and it's
quite a humorous yeah the CL bed primer
AE equals e we have to summoners on the
board the goers oh yeah I already know
about that talk to the captain here from
San irken everyone on the ship's been
talking about you kind of quite funny
like that i think but like i said i
never knew that that scene was actually
there and then i just found it
completely by accident when I was
repairing my file I I you know it's
amazing what you can find when you're
just randomly exploring the old game you
know anyway let's just since I'm here
let's just go ahead and oh I guess I
can't do that oh yeah yeah you got to
get the walk out Lulu seen whatever talk
to these guys
now let's just go it from any more extra
scenes here because i really don't know
to me
you're just sleeping gotta
best to let him sleep
also if you want to talk to waka he's
right here in this is but he's just a
little hard to see I already gave him
some Gil called screen there I'm shut up
a walk off yeah he's a little hard to
see right there at least I think he is
but he's there alright everyone that's
that's pretty much it for this bonus
episode so and within the next couple
days I should be able to return to this
LP I don't know if it'll be my main one
but I will definitely get some episodes
out till then guys thank you so much for
watching this has been white mates
Iranian signing off take care everyone
and have a nice night